**ABOUT ME**
My name is Jake Verry, I am a student, athlete, recruiting specialist, and volunteer. I am outgoing, personable, and looking for fun! Currently, I am a junior at Christopher Newport University (CNU) working on my degree in Marketing and a minor in Economics.
**STUDENT**
	At CNU, I have devoted a large portion of my time to academics, and even larger to extra-curricular clubs and organizations. I have participated in CRU (an interdenominational Christian parachurch organization), American Red Cross Club, Board Game Club, and a couple of club sports. The current organization I am most involved with is CNU Residence Life. I am a Resident Assistant for sophomores and provide much-needed information, guidance, and counseling on anything ranging from classes to mental. This position has taught me leadership, accountability, and establishing a welcoming community.
**ATHLETE**
Growing up the community that raised me heavily pushed recreational soccer to all young children. By the age of four, I was already competing in little-league games, all be it not that well. However, this early push for soccer developed my love for sports and competing. I continued to play soccer until I was eleven years old, at which point I transition into football. I quickly began to excel in football and fell in love with sport even more than soccer. I went on to play varsity football my freshman year and became a team captain by sophomore year. In my senior year of high school, I was an All-State player and led my position in tackles. During my junior and senior years, I also started wrestling and competed states both years. At CNU, I continued my football career for another two years before eventually having to give it up because of time constraints. For the past five months, I have begun to practice jiujitsu in the free time that I have. While I have much to learn, my athletic background has created a stable foundation, I look forward to competing in tournaments in the future!
**RECRUITING SPECIALIST**
	

